well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again I ran into this guy just got back
from boot he's excited he has excited
his Trump's talkin off and on about you
know sending troops to Iran talking
about war with Iran saying he doesn't
want it but we're ready for it sending a
carrier group out there this kid he is
excited and he is a kid he's young
enough to be excited about going to war
and he's excited because he missed Iraq
and Afghanistan he's like yeah man
they're talking about a hundred twenty
thousand troops Frank man they're gonna
need more than that he's like now we're
gonna have those problems it's not like
Iraq we already got the Arab linguist
and everything and that's the perfect
example that shows I understand this kid
is not Brass I get that but he's making
the same mistakes they don't speak
Arabic they speak Farsi they're trying
to draw a parallel to Iraq 120,000
troops so case you don't know what
popped all this off some shipping boats
were allegedly sabotage I say allegedly
because we haven't seen any evidence
much less evidence that Iran did it but
we've blamed them they've they're
denying it but we blame them in Rubio
senator Rubio is out there saying well
it's all on them they get to decide I
guess whether or not we attack them we
attack them because it's not they
attacked us it's none of those boats
were ours
two of them were Saudi one was UAE and I
think one was from Norway but it's all
on them no senator it's on you you're
the one that's gonna vote for it then
you got Tom cotton out there saying well
we'll hand the war two strikes we what
is this we you're gonna be in DC
you're gonna send them off and then
maybe you'll write a letter to one of
their families that's it
probably have a staffer write the letter
to be honest you know we in this server
so on the ground
the number-two guy in charge operation
inherent resolve he's a major generally
British get go I think is his name he
said that the threat level from Iran has
not increased and then damage control
outcomes a Navy captain spokesman for
sick CENTCOM he comes down says well
that runs contrary to our credible
evidence and our intelligence a school
that alone presents its own issue
because that means one of two things
either
CENTCOM is not distributing intelligence
they could save American lives or
they're making it up those are the only
options now New York Times reported that
Acting Secretary of Defense Shanahan
reviewed a plan with the White House
about sending a hundred two hundred
twenty thousand troops to Iran Trump
himself is saying that he has won or war
going back and forth with it but at the
same time he's promised them a
devastating war and a bad problem and
said that he was willing to spend way
more that 120,000 troops well that's
good because you're gonna have to you
are going to have to this is not Iraq
120,000 is less than we sent to Iraq and
we didn't pacify Iraq and though some of
the actors know it's a different country
it is it is a different country Iranian
military trains for insurgency it's part
of their war plan not the way Iraq did a
couple of drills no they plan on it
they're also more technologically
advanced and then there's the big
problem the numbers issue Iraq had a
population of 38 million
I ran about 80 120 thousand troops just
is not going to cut it and I know well
they don't want regime change no I know
they don't want that what they want is
to put the US on a wartime footing
before the election because they know
the wartime presidents are more real
Ekta below want they don't care that
American troops are going to die so they
can get some extra votes but the reality
is you cannot go into Iran
half-heartedly you go in its gonna be
regime change and it's going to be
another decade-long insurgency over what
when this happens to remember this it
started because of Saudi profits that's
what this is over we were not attacked
had nothing to do with us the Saudis
were maybe we don't even know that Iran
bit and we certainly can't talk or trust
US intelligence at this point that's
where we're at if we go into Iran
half-heartedly while it's Trump said
it'll be a devastating war and we'll
have a bad problem but even knowing all
of this when the time comes people wave
those flags put that yellow ribbon on
their truck bumper sticker Patriots and
not say word as their kids and grandkids
or sent off to die for Saudi prophets
they're not fighting for freedom they're
fighting so Trump can be more reelected
you will then let your kid die for that
before you say that you support the
troops you have to support the truth and
in this case this is a manufactured war
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night